TERPSICHORE (#1046)
PlasmaControl/DESC: desc/external/README.rst

**Warning:**

These objectives depend on other codes external to DESC. They are not routinely tested
and may not be compatible with all versions of the codes. The DESC team is not
responsible for maintaining or documenting those external codes, and we do not guarantee
to regularly maintain these objectives. Use these at your own risk!

> The external codes are not included with DESC, and you must obtain access to them to use

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The external codes are not included with DESC, and you may need to obtain access to them to use or figure out how to install them yourself.
```

these objectives. Those codes may not be publicly available and may require a license.

`_terpsichore.py` was last tested on August 27, 2025 with DESC v0.15.0 and a version of

> TERPSICHORE built for Thea Energy in July of 2025.

Author: Note to self: check this again before merging and update accordingly
